[Merged by Bors] - Wgpu 0.15, Bindless API, Gamepad API, IME (#568)
bevyengine/bevy-website: content/news/2023-03-04-bevy-0.10/index.md

These abstractions were introduced in [#6404](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/6404), [#7381](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/7381) and [#7568](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/7568).

## Upgraded wgpu to 0.15

<div class="release-feature-authors">authors: @Elabajaba</div>

> **Bevy 0.10** now uses the latest and greatest [`wgpu`](https://github.com/gfx-rs/wgpu) (our low level graphics layer). In addition to [a number nice API improvements and bug fixes](https://github.com/gfx-rs/wgpu/releases/tag/v0.15.0), `wgpu` now uses the DXC shader compiler for DX12, which is faster, less buggy, and allows for new features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Bevy 0.10** now uses the latest and greatest [`wgpu`](https://github.com/gfx-rs/wgpu) (our low level graphics layer). In addition to [a number of nice API improvements and bug fixes](https://github.com/gfx-rs/wgpu/releases/tag/v0.15.0), `wgpu` now uses the DXC shader compiler for DX12, which is faster, less buggy, and allows for new features.
```

> **Bevy 0.10** now uses the latest and greatest [`wgpu`](https://github.com/gfx-rs/wgpu) (our low level graphics layer). In addition to [a number nice API improvements and bug fixes](https://github.com/gfx-rs/wgpu/releases/tag/v0.15.0), `wgpu` can now uses the DXC shader complier for DX12, which is faster, less buggy, and allows for new features.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Bevy 0.10** now uses the latest and greatest [`wgpu`](https://github.com/gfx-rs/wgpu) (our low level graphics layer). In addition to [a number nice API improvements and bug fixes](https://github.com/gfx-rs/wgpu/releases/tag/v0.15.0), `wgpu` now uses the DXC shader compiler for DX12, which is faster, less buggy, and allows for new features.
```
